### Get config
# Static defaults and limits enforced by the API -- fetch this before showing the create-poll form so
# the frontend never hardcodes values that could drift from actual server-side validation.
# maxPollDateRangeDays is the exact max offset (in days, inclusive) from today a poll date may be --
# POST /sessions enforces this identical value, so a frontend date-picker bounded by it should rarely
# offer a date the server rejects. "Today" is still resolved server-side, in the poll's timezone, at
# submit time -- a browser in a different timezone or a fetch/submit gap crossing a day boundary can
# still shift the edge by a day, so POST /sessions remains the authority and its 400 must still be
# handled.

GET {{host}}/config

# Response 200:
# {
#   "maxPollDates": 90,
#   "pollNameMaxLength": 100,
#   "participantNameMaxLength": 50,
#   "allowedSlotMinutes": [15, 30, 60, 90, 120],
#   "defaultSlotMinutes": 60,
#   "startEndMinuteStep": 15,
#   "maxPollDateRangeDays": 365,
#   "maxPollOverrideGroups": 10,
#   "maxUsersPerSession": 20,
#   "sessionExpireHours": 336
# }

###

### Create a poll
# Authenticated variant: POST {{host}}/sessions/authed (Cognito JWT via Authorization header).
# x-recaptcha-token is required only on the unauthenticated variant. The authed route (Cognito JWT)
# skips the reCAPTCHA check entirely — proving identity via a signed Google JWT replaces it.
#
# dates is a flat, sorted list of candidate ISO dates -- however the client generated them (a weekday-
# recurrence helper, or hand-picked individual dates), the API only ever sees the resolved list. Max
# length is MAX_POLL_DATES. Every date must be today or later, and at most maxPollDateRangeDays (see
# GET /config) days from today -- both checked against the poll's timezone.
#
# usesTimes toggles whether a time-of-day window applies:
# - false: no startMinute/endMinute/slotMinutes -- availability is one boolean per date.
# - true: startMinute/endMinute (minutes since local midnight, multiples of 15) define the window, and
#   slotMinutes (one of 15/30/60/90/120, default 60) is the length of each candidate meeting slot. Slot
#   start times slide across the window stepped by 30 minutes (15 minutes only when slotMinutes is 15) --
#   slots overlap rather than partition the range.
#
# overrides (optional, usesTimes: true only) lets specific dates use a different startMinute/endMinute
# than the poll's default window -- e.g. a shorter window on weekends. Each entry is a non-empty subset
# of this poll's own dates plus its own startMinute/endMinute (same validation rules as the top-level
# fields); slotMinutes is not overridable, it's always the one poll-level value. A date not covered by
# any override uses the poll's default window. No date may appear in more than one override group, and
# at most maxPollOverrideGroups (see GET /config) groups are allowed.

POST {{host}}/sessions
Content-Type: application/json
x-recaptcha-token: test-token

{
  "name": "Fall rec soccer practice",
  "dates": ["2025-09-04", "2025-09-05", "2025-09-06"],
  "usesTimes": true,
  "startMinute": 960,
  "endMinute": 1080,
  "slotMinutes": 60,
  "overrides": [{ "dates": ["2025-09-06"], "startMinute": 600, "endMinute": 840 }],
  "timezone": "America/Chicago"
}

# Response 201:
# { "sessionId": "spring-owl" }
#
# Response 400: missing name, empty/oversized/duplicate dates, invalid usesTimes combination, etc.
# Response 403: reCAPTCHA score too low (unauthenticated variant only)

###

### Get poll by ID
# slots is the server-generated Slot[][] for this poll (one slot array per date, in the same order as
# `dates`, from the same buildSlots output used internally for the overlap grid) -- the frontend renders
# grid/results columns from slots[dateIndex] instead of reimplementing slot generation. A date covered by
# an overrides group uses that group's window; every other date uses the poll's default window. Always a
# single 0-1440 slot per date for usesTimes: false polls.
GET {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}

# Response 200:
# {
#   "sessionId": "spring-owl",
#   "name": "Fall rec soccer practice",
#   "dates": ["2025-09-04", "2025-09-05", "2025-09-06"],
#   "usesTimes": true,
#   "startMinute": 960,
#   "endMinute": 1080,
#   "slotMinutes": 60,
#   "overrides": [{ "dates": ["2025-09-06"], "startMinute": 600, "endMinute": 840 }],
#   "timezone": "America/Chicago",
#   "expiration": 1725453600,
#   "participantCount": 2,
#   "slots": [
#     [
#       { "slotIndex": 0, "startMinute": 960, "endMinute": 1020 },
#       { "slotIndex": 1, "startMinute": 990, "endMinute": 1050 },
#       { "slotIndex": 2, "startMinute": 1020, "endMinute": 1080 }
#     ],
#     [
#       { "slotIndex": 0, "startMinute": 960, "endMinute": 1020 },
#       { "slotIndex": 1, "startMinute": 990, "endMinute": 1050 },
#       { "slotIndex": 2, "startMinute": 1020, "endMinute": 1080 }
#     ],
#     [
#       { "slotIndex": 0, "startMinute": 600, "endMinute": 660 },
#       { "slotIndex": 1, "startMinute": 630, "endMinute": 690 },
#       { "slotIndex": 2, "startMinute": 660, "endMinute": 720 },
#       { "slotIndex": 3, "startMinute": 690, "endMinute": 750 },
#       { "slotIndex": 4, "startMinute": 720, "endMinute": 780 },
#       { "slotIndex": 5, "startMinute": 750, "endMinute": 810 },
#       { "slotIndex": 6, "startMinute": 780, "endMinute": 840 }
#     ]
#   ]
# }
#
# Response 404: session not found or expired

###

### Get users for poll

GET {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users

# calendarStatus is "not_connected" | "connected" | "error", derived from the user's Google account
# (if any) and defaulting to "not_connected" if that lookup fails.
#
# Response 200:
# [
#   {
#     "userId": "brave-tiger",
#     "name": "Alice",
#     "expiration": 1725453600,
#     "calendarStatus": "connected"
#   },
#   {
#     "userId": "clever-fox",
#     "name": "Bob",
#     "expiration": 1725453600,
#     "calendarStatus": "not_connected"
#   }
# ]
#
# Response 404: session not found or expired

###

### Join a poll
# Authenticated variant: POST {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/authed (Cognito JWT).
# On the authed variant, name is populated from the Google account's name claim instead of null,
# and the new user is linked to that Google account (googleSub, not returned in the response).

POST {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users

# Response 201:
# {
#   "userId": "clever-fox",
#   "name": null,
#   "expiration": 1725453600
# }
#
# Response 400: max users reached (message includes limit)
# Response 404: session not found or expired

###

### Update user info (name)
# JSON Patch format. Allowed ops: replace.
# Allowed paths: /name
# Authenticated variant: PATCH {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/{{userId}}/authed (Cognito JWT).
# On the authed variant, if the user isn't already linked to a Google account, this call links it
# (googleSub set from the JWT) as a side effect — even though the request body only touches /name.

PATCH {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/{{userId}}
Content-Type: application/json

[
  { "op": "replace", "path": "/name", "value": "Alice" }
]

# Response 200: updated user object
# Response 400: disallowed op, disallowed path, name > 50 chars
# Response 404: session or user not found

###

### Get availability
# free is keyed [dateIndex][slotIndex] -- slotIndex is always 0 when the poll's usesTimes is false.
# Each date's row length matches slots[dateIndex] from GET /sessions/{sessionId} (see that endpoint):
# a date covered by a time-window override can have a different number of slots than other dates in
# the same poll, so free's rows are not guaranteed uniform width. There is no recurring pattern
# concept beyond overrides; every date/slot is otherwise independent.
GET {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/{{userId}}/availability

# Response 200:
# {
#   "userId": "brave-tiger",
#   "free": [
#     [false, false, false],
#     [true, true, false],
#     [true, true, true]
#   ],
#   "expiration": 1725453600
# }
#
# Response 404: session or user not found

###

### Set availability
# cells: array of { dateIndex, slotIndex, value }. slotIndex is always 0 when the poll's usesTimes is false.
# Valid slotIndex range depends on the target date: derive it from slots[dateIndex].length (GET
# /sessions/{sessionId}), not a single shared count -- an out-of-range slotIndex for that date's own
# window returns 400 even if it would be in range for a different date in the same poll.
PATCH {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/{{userId}}/availability
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "cells": [{ "dateIndex": 0, "slotIndex": 0, "value": true }]
}

# Response 200: the full updated availability record, same shape as GET .../availability
# Response 400: invalid cells (out-of-bounds dateIndex/slotIndex, non-boolean value)
# Response 404: session or user not found

###

### Get overlap grid and recommended meeting times
# Always reflects the whole poll -- there is no pattern/week view distinction anymore.
# recommendedMeetings factors in connected Google Calendar busy time for each user in addition to their
# marked availability. Each entry lists excludedByCalendar: userIds who marked themselves free for that
# slot but were excluded because their calendar shows a conflict.
#
# grid.cells is per-date (cells[dateIndex]), same order as the poll's dates -- and, like
# GET /sessions/{sessionId}'s slots, each date's row can be a different length when the poll has
# overrides (a date covered by an override group has as many cells as that group's window produces,
# not necessarily the same count as other dates). Each cell is self-describing (dateIndex, slotIndex,
# startMinute, endMinute), so iterate cells[dateIndex] directly rather than assuming a uniform width.

GET {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/overlap

# Response 200:
# {
#   "grid": {
#     "cells": [
#       [
#         { "dateIndex": 0, "slotIndex": 0, "startMinute": 540, "endMinute": 600, "freeCount": 1, "freeUserIds": ["brave-tiger"] }
#       ]
#     ],
#     "bestSlot": { "dateIndex": 0, "slotIndex": 0, "freeCount": 1, "freeUserIds": ["brave-tiger"] }
#   },
#   "recommendedMeetings": [
#     {
#       "dateIndex": 0,
#       "slotIndex": 0,
#       "date": "2025-09-04",
#       "startMinute": 540,
#       "endMinute": 600,
#       "freeCount": 1,
#       "freeUserIds": ["brave-tiger"],
#       "excludedByCalendar": []
#     }
#   ]
# }
#
# Response 404: session not found or expired

###

### Start Google Calendar connect flow
POST {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/{{userId}}/calendar/connect
Authorization: Bearer {{cognitoIdToken}}

# Response 200 (not yet connected): { "alreadyConnected": false, "authUrl": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth?..." }
# Response 200 (already connected, any poll): { "alreadyConnected": true }
# Response 400: not authenticated with Google
# Response 404: session or user not found

###

### Google Calendar OAuth callback (browser redirect target, not called directly)
GET {{host}}/oauth/google-calendar/callback?code=...&state=...

# Always redirects (302) to {webAppUrl}/calendar-connected?status=connected|declined|error

###

### Disconnect Google Calendar (revokes everywhere this Google account is connected, not just this poll)
DELETE {{host}}/sessions/{{sessionId}}/users/{{userId}}/calendar
Authorization: Bearer {{cognitoIdToken}}

# Response 204: disconnected (or was never connected)
# Response 400: not authenticated with Google
# Response 404: session or user not found
